Hello everyone, everyone too
show them from this video is live
what
that unix mystery or to say it of a
different mode
tunick is triple to
I make this video live at least from
the message because the same tonic no longer
reappeared
I do not know what happened to him
the thing about this one
I have received many comments from
what
this character does not exist that I
feed all this is false
to nobody that that message from the box
red edit it in paint
and I come to show you that that is not
true
to get started
nothing more to see if this time it appears
try this several times
lying down
let's hope so far
medal sends I sent this message
here
I regret this is that we believe very
beautiful
it cost me a lot
let's hope that
of the desire to appear this character
not like the other times that nothing
well then to see the message she
they sent me 1
unknown
well OK
it always surprises me when there are messages
of this type
like as triple a
send him something hello
Hello
all right
good by itself and stop
what I just appeared here
when arriving of humorous denouncing me
I kill by the
and that's how I was blocked by almost
all day that fell to me badly
what we do many here to avoid
censorship is to write words like
part is thus separated
well it came out I left a lot of the subject
come here do not send that they give lag the one that
is that it is processed by processing
the teacher processing and nothing
all right
and let me go to your cube
can not hear not even the
pet that always appears on the ball
it's a mascot of blacks
do not
nothing
ok let's try this
pedrito will be removed from your list
little friends, you're sure
pedrito
a little laughs where
and then the example could be
the lightning x 300 will be removed from
tourists is safe in the other appears
your friend list is safe
A Little bit weird
just look for triple-a and it does not appear
you do not see the list of friends
that was short
this to sufficient proof that that
message what seems to one if there is
so they are not saying in their
comments
go I want